as with any study session I study love
by planning out what I wanted to
accomplish today then I started doing a
revision recording of natural moral law
but here you see me desperately trying
to get up a clock so that you can see
how much time is elapsing with each
revision session so I'm just reading
through all of my notes and recording
them so that I can listen back to them
later and I find this is such a great
revision strategy for me now I'm going
through my bond angles for chemistry and
I'm just using a whiteboard and some
flashcards then I deliver cool sorting
exercise for the process of ionization
mass spectrometry and then I quickly
went over the electron configuration
then I planned a natural moral essay and
then I did a timed essay to it
[Music]
and here you can see me planting another
essay this one is for English and it
South Great Gatsby
[Music]
then to finish off my Christmas Day
studying I did some quiz let's say first
of all I went over all of my cards for a
lipst experience
and after that I consolidated some
Spanish recap
[Music]
you